There was a big leak in our inspection. Just pick and hit fast and far away.
Continuously cut bunches of red bandits and what's wrong.
yes. I admire Fei more and more now.
As long as it is what he decides to do, there will be no loss.
For not foreseeing malice. I'll go,
I almost let you know the truth. OK.
Now, it's not the time to be happy yet.
What needs to be done most now. That is to first block the message of the pulse frame.
We have to finish the rest of the matter as soon as possible.
Otherwise, I'm worried that if I stay, I'll get into trouble with us.
Sister Zhao is right. Although our box head has been cut,
I can’t beat Kuang anymore. But the ownership of this box has not been compared.
So we can't have any problems with this department.
Zhao Jian, Mr. Bai still has to trouble you two to find the trombone quickly.
Immediately turn this ownership into Tianmei Group's
I also made a confidentiality agreement
Let everyone here be in debt
The car from the personnel department came here today
Should we load the car first?
He wants to load the materials for the newly opened mine today.
Not a single piece of the newly mined material can be left out.
I am now the owner of this mine